Update detect-threats-custom.md (#111929)
Azure/azure-content: articles/sentinel/detect-threats-custom.md

    | Field name | Contains | Running the query in this field<br>results in... |
    | - | :-: | :-: |

>     | **Query** | The compressed record of the event that generated this instance of the alert | The event that generated this instance of the alert limeted to 10240 bytes  |

Reviewer: Really? 10K? Isn't that small?
Also, small spelling correction, and I added a line break:
```suggestion
    | **Query** | The compressed record of the event that generated this instance of the alert | The event that generated this instance of the alert;<br>limited to 10240 bytes  |
```
